ORY Oathkeeper Rules block API-Gateway CR deletion (#627)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/contributor/04-10-technical-design.md

as determined by the [Kubernetes controller-runtime](https://pkg.go.dev/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime).
If there is a failure during the reconciliation process, the default behavior of the [Kubernetes controller-runtime](https://pkg.go.dev/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime) is to use exponential backoff requeue.

> Before deleting the [APIGateway CR](../user/custom-resources/apigateway/04-00-apigateway-custom-resource.md), the controller first checks if there are any APIRule or [Istio VirtualService](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/networking/virtual-service) resources that reference the default Kyma [Gateway](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/networking/gateway/) `kyma-system/kyma-gateway`. If any such resources are found, they are listed in the logs of the controller, and the [APIGateway CR](../user/custom-resources/apigateway/04-00-apigateway-custom-resource.md)'s status is set to `Warning` to indicate that there are resources blocking the deletion. In case that there are existing ORY Rules on cluster it also set status warning and does not delete APIGateway CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before deleting the [APIGateway CR](../user/custom-resources/apigateway/04-00-apigateway-custom-resource.md), the controller first checks if there are any APIRule or [Istio Virtual Service](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/networking/virtual-service) resources that reference the default Kyma [Gateway](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/networking/gateway/) `kyma-system/kyma-gateway`. If any such resources are found, they are listed in the logs of the controller, and the [APIGateway CR](../user/custom-resources/apigateway/04-00-apigateway-custom-resource.md)'s status is set to `Warning` to indicate that there are resources blocking the deletion. If there are existing Ory Access Rules on the cluster, the controller also sets the status to `Warning` and does not delete the APIGateway CR.
```
